Aloha everyone buddy Barry here 100-day
roll through challenged a sustained yeah
so okay okay better better today I went
to the grocery store this morning and
I'm back on track I've got lots of yummy
fruits and vegetables in my refrigerator
right now I really wanted a mango and so
I went to the grocery store and they did
have some mangos but they were all
rotten they were disgusting they're all
wrinkled and mushy and run and I think
it's because they were hidden behind
this big giant display box of Nilla
wafers cuz see like in where I come from
it's Nilla wafer and Nana puddin season
so you take you get your nilla wafers
and you make some custard with nanos and
you eat a lot of Nana put in the summer
so they were hidden hide the vanilla
wafers though I wasn't able to get a
mango but that's okay I have two other
things I got some tangerines instead and
I'm excited about that um so I was
online this weekend looking for some
inspiration since I was you know kind of
having a rough raw food weekend and so I
went back to my good friend google
because I'm a good American and I
consider myself to be a good American I
vote and I pay my taxes and Apollo
celebrity gossip like a good American so
I went online and googled celebrities
and raw food to kind of find out who the
you know a list raw foodists are out
there not the nudists because it's a
much bigger category than the raw
foodist but so we've got woody harrelson
which we all know about go buddy and
Alicia Silverstone and then I was really
surprised to learn that Elvis had
actually tried to raw food diet he said
that you know one website said that he
decided
for spirituality that he was going to
eat lots of raw foods and vegetables in
ybor cells and he was that's what he
wanted to tell the maids to make for
heaven and Elvis actually succeeded on
the raw food diet for two whole days
that's worthy but my pelvis wait care
dad um he is more the man open crowd
obviously um but you know who I found
out has been on raw food diet and
lifestyle on and off throughout her life
barbra streisand hello it's good enough
for Barbara honey it is good enough for
me you know what I'm saying meshugana so
today I'm going to listen to barb all
day and just immerse myself with the
positive feeling that I get from you
know studying celebrity role food and
said you know of any celebrities who are
also raw foodies then you know put them
in the comments because going to follow
these people I'm going to see how the
skin glows I want to see what difference
it's making in their lives and how
fabulous they look I mean uma thurman
and obviously she's doing something
right yeah so uh yeah that's going to be
me soon I'm look just like you're not
really soon so um I don't know I'm just
trying to have some fun today because I
had a really rough week but I'm okay
okay and I just want to thank you to
everybody who really you know gave me a
lot of love and support this weekend I
really needed it and you guys this
community is in such a supportive
community and I really do appreciate it
so you know what I'm give you different
props yeah so thanks guys and after you
tomorrow in the meantime you're